Add FAQ on Google Play warnings (#5287)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/index.md

segmentClient.add({ plugin: new AddToContextPlugin() });  
```

### I've upgraded to React Native 2.0, but I am still getting warnings in the Google Play Store that my app is not compliant. Why is this?

> The React Native 2.0 library is compliant with the Google Play store policies. However, we recommend that you check to see if there are any old and inactive [tracks on the Google Play store](https://developers.google.com/android-publisher/tracks) that are not updated to the latest build. If this is the case, we recommend updating those tracks to see if it resolves the issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React Native 2.0 library is compliant with Google Play Store policies. However, Segment recommends that you check to see if there are any old and inactive [tracks on the Google Play Store](https://developers.google.com/android-publisher/tracks){:target="_blank"} that are not updated to the latest build. If this is the case, we recommend updating those tracks to resolve the issue. 
```
